"When you don't go within, you go without."

"Prayer without heart is a waste to time."

"If your presence doesn't work, neither will your word."

"I do not believe in miracles, I rely on them."

"To conquer the unknown you must trust."

"It's not life that matters, it's the courage you bring to it."

"If you can't see God in all, you can't see God at all."

"Life is a lie if you do not find the eternal truth."

"Keep up and you will be kept up."

"What is the purpose of life? To elevate all, big or small."

"Our purity lies in our originality. Our intuition lies in our innocence."

"Where there is love there is no question."

"What is the power of life? With all the ungraceful dirt, nonsense, you remain graceful."

"You owe it to yourself to be yourself."

"Your mind is your servant, your body is your vehicle and your soul is your residence."

"There is nothing outside of us. It's all in us."

"The pair of opposites do not effect a yogi -- neither praise nor insult."

"When you are far away from reality, your fantasy won't work."

"Never curse yourself by limiting your students."

"The art of happiness is to serve all, and all shall serve you."

"If you cannot bless yourself, then nobody can bless you."

"To be blessed is to live in gratitude, so that God can fulfill you forever."

"I want to give you the depth and the strength which is yours... the original you."

"In the Age of Aquarius, the depression and stress on mankind will tear up people who do not have the technical knowledge of self."

"Prosperity is the opposite of greedy."

"Meditation is nothing but taking a mental shower."

"Creation is ready to serve you, if you just be you."

"What is meditation? When you empty yourself and let the universe come in you."

"A spiritual person is vast, like an ocean - but very mighty, very powerful."

"If you only know one kriya, then share that. Just be humble, teach it. Every student is a teacher."

"Hope is not a prediction of the future, it's a declaration of what is possible."

"If you give your Self a chance, your Self will give you all the chances."

"When we love there are no barriers, no desires, no needs, no wants."

"You know how to drive a car, but you do not know how to drive your life!"

"If you want to progress in your life and grow, act not to react."

"The attitude of gratitude is the highest yoga."

"If your mind can go along with you it is a blessing. If your mind obeys you, it is a super-blessing."

"Fantasy and anger totally destroy the human body. Tolerance is the greatest human asset."

"Every happening is a lesson, a message."

"The moment you value yourself, the whole world values you."

"If you are happy, happiness will come to you because happiness wants to go where happiness is."

"When you do not consciously relate to your body, your mind does not relate consciously to you."

"Any act in the name of God returns 10 fold."

"Improve with each breath. Every negative vibration returns 10 fold."

"Ingrown anger is like an ingrown hair. The pain it creates in life is unbearable."

"Fools live in fear, a wise man lives in strength."

"In all darkness, there is a light and in all light there is a darkness."

"You are very powerful, providing you know how powerful you are."

"Fake it, you will make it. But you have to believe it."

"Happiness is your birthright. Live it!"

"Life is a lie if truth is not found. Truth is just an idea if it is not lived. It is living that matters."

"We must be guided by faith. If we are guided by fear we lock ourselves and our expansion."

"Wisdom, character, and consciousness conquer everything."

"Your greatest strength is love. Your greatest weakness is fear."

"Life is a flow of love, only your participation is requested."

"Bless be the ones who serve others. They are the ones who find heaven on earth."

"What you say should not just be truth now, but should be a proven truth tomorrow."

"Love is the ultimate state of human being where compassion prevails and kindness rules."

"Be the answer not the question."

"Be the alter not the alternative."

"When the heart gets into prayer, every beat of the heart creates a miracle."

"The greatest education man has to learn is the science of self."

"Every individual has the potential to be original."

"When the prayer becomes the vibration of the mind and self, then we can create a miracle."

"Never say things to friends which you don't want to hear from enemies."

"Without realizing who you are, happiness cannot come to you."

"There are three values: Feel good, be good and do good."

"Body is not all. Mind is not all. Spirit is not all. All three make the sense."

"Develop your Intuition so that the changes in the years to come may be convenient for you."

"Working by heart means using your feelings and emotions to lead you to your spiritual sense of existence."

"There is only one thing you should know. Conquer yourself."

"Consult your spirit, your soul on everything."

"By honoring your words you are honored in this world."

"Life is a flow of love."

"Truth is everlasting."

"You are remembered for your goodness."

"Let your heart speak to others' hearts."

"You can never hide from your truth. If you do, you will always be lost."

"Travel light, live light, spread the light, be the light."

"To be calm is the highest achievement of the best of what you have."

"Your truth should be so pure that if lifts a person's soul to the heights."

"Through meditation, you can calm the mind and develop what is important to you."

"If you make your body very strong, really strong, it can fight off anything."

"Sometimes bringing out your inner best is the secret of success."

"The greatest progress in life is when you know your limitations, and then you have the courage to drop them."

"Your words should be so strong that they affect every your intuition so that you can recognize what is real and heart."

"Your job is to control yourself. Your job is to discipline yourself. Your job is to deal with everything in life with affection, love and kindness."

"When you are calm, quiet and sensitive then you can expand. But when you are irritated, phobic, fearful, insensitive, and neurotic, you can't achieve anything."

"The Age of Aquarius is the age of excellence in which personal purity shall absolutely matter."

"The idea is to just stop. Just wait. Don't react. Therein lies the whole universe. Just don't react."

"From when you are young, through middle age, you must grow to the point that you glow, so that your light lets people feel the blessings, the virtues, and the happiness."

"We meditate so that our minds can be sharp and alert. We chant mantras so that your souls may be ignited like candles. We walk in the light of this beauty."

"Know that the most neurotic, most ugly situation is simply testing you. It is testing capacity, beyond his control, your flexibility, your adjustment and your character."

"Danger is when you are split three ways: Your soul goes one way, your mind goes another way and your body goes yet another way."

"Getting up for sadhana in the morning is a totally selfish act - for personal strength, for personal intuition, for personal sharpness, for personal discipline, and overall for absolute personal prosperity."

"Sometimes people do go wrong. There is no judgment needed. Wrong will take a short time or a long time to make the individual aware that something is wrong, and that is the beginning of that person's awakening."

"The fact is that there is nothing more beautiful, more worthy or more conscious than you."

"You have to understand the purpose of life. The purpose of life is to do something which will live forever."

"Every disability is imagined. Every achievement is an experience."

"When you understand who and what you are, your radiance projects into the universal radiance and everything around you becomes creative and full of opportunity."

"Your relationship is based on service, and your trust with people is based on your purity. Your impact is in your identity, and your happiness is in your combined royalty and reality."

"You are a spirit born for a human experience. You are not a human being born for spiritual endurance. Therefore do not follow a spiritual practice that comes between you and your God."

"You can never get rid of fear, you can only drop it."

“You have to bounce in life with joy. Your strength lies in your smiles and your songs.”

“Kundalini Yoga will dawn on you the secret of how to be Healthy, Happy and Holy.”

“Compassion is for the very strong. Compassion does not come to the weak. People who are unkind, bullies, use rude language, are not strong people. They are very weak people.”

“You don’t have to learn to be wise. If you just flow you can be successful. Mother Nature will carry you.”

“The best medicine that a person can have is the knowledge and experience that he can swim through every tide and change of the time. If you have the mental competency to deal with every situation that arises, then you are very happy, very healthy and a very well-balanced person.”

“If you can rhythmically slow down your breath to four breaths a minute, you can indirectly control your mind and slow it down from its obnoxious behavior.”

“The question is, “Are you spiritual or are you not?” The truth is you are. The reality is you don’t believe it”

“There are three things you cannot hide: smell of the garlic, fragrance of the flower and the wisdom of the teacher.”

“Friendship means only one thing: you don’t create fences around you, but try to remove fences from the life of another person.”

“Why is meditation essential? By meditating we take our garbage out.”

“As long as you don’t compliment yourself, your environments and your job, you will always be miserable. Complaints bring misery, compliments brings strength.”

“Life is simple. Life is not complicated. Life is only one thing: Identify yourself.”

“Any woman on this planet who values herself as a woman is great. She is a giver of life. And when you are a giver of life, what more is there?”

“It takes the same energy to complain as it does to compliment. When there is a short circuit, there is a complaint, and when the energy is flowing, there is a compliment.”

“The fundamental law of truth is that it penetrates through all darkness.”

“A failure is only a step on the way to your success.”

“Our limited mind is our enemy and our unlimited mind is our best friend. When you become a slave of the mind, it will limit you. When you use it, it will bring you the whole universe.”

“As you train your mind, shockingly it brings you prosperity as well as the faculty to maintain it.”

“If we take judging ourselves and others out of our life, we will mostly be living in paradise.”

“When you come upon a difficult task … start.”

“You cannot live by feelings and emotions; you have to live by your intuition and consciousness.”

“Passion is like waves; it comes and goes. Compassion is the constant flow.”

“Teacher is not a great popular person. They teach what they know and make people better than them. Teacher must create a student better than him or her. Otherwise that person is not a teacher but a preacher. There are tons and thousands of preachers.”

“There are two ways to change things: Either you are forced to change or you have the intuition to change.”

“Your strength lies in your smiles and your songs.”

“ When God gives good times, He wants you to forget him and sleep. When God gives you bad times, He wants you to wake up and face him.”

“When you don't go within, you go without.”

“Prayer without heart is a waste to time.”

“If your presence doesn't work, neither will your word.”

“I do not believe in miracles, I rely on them.”

“To conquer the unknown you must trust.”

“It's not life that matters, it's the courage you bring to it.”

“If you can't see God in all, you can't see God at all.”

“Life is a lie if you do not find the eternal truth.”

“Keep up and you will be kept up.”

“What is the purpose of life? To elevate all, big or small.”

“Our purity lies in our originality. Our intuition lies in our innocence.”

“Where there is love there is no question.”

“What is the power of life? With all the ungraceful dirt, nonsense, you remain graceful.”

“You owe it to yourself to be yourself.”

“Your mind is your servant, your body is your vehicle and your soul is your residence.”

“There is nothing outside of us. It's all in us.”

“The pair of opposites do not effect a yogi -- neither praise nor insult.”

“When you are far away from reality, your fantasy won't work.”

“Never curse yourself by limiting your students.”

“The art of happiness is to serve all, and all shall serve you.”

“If you cannot bless yourself, then nobody can bless you.”

“To be blessed is to live in gratitude, so that God can fulfill you forever.”

“I want to give you the depth and the strength which is yours... the original you.”

“In the Age of Aquarius, the depression and stress on mankind will tear up people who do not have the technical knowledge of self.”

“Prosperity is the opposite of greedy.”

“Meditation is nothing but taking a mental shower.”

“Creation is ready to serve you, if you just be you.”

“What is meditation? When you empty yourself and let the universe come in you.”

“A spiritual person is vast, like an ocean - but very mighty, very powerful.”

“ If you only know one kriya, then share that. Just be humble, teach it. Every student is a teacher.”

“Hope is not a prediction of the future, it's a declaration of what is possible.”

“If you give your Self a chance, your Self will give you all the chances.”

“When we love there are no barriers, no desires, no needs, no wants.”

“You know how to drive a car, but you do not know how to drive your life!”

“If you want to progress in your life and grow, act not to react.”

“The attitude of gratitude is the highest yoga.”

“If your mind can go along with you it is a blessing. If your mind obeys you, it is a super-blessing.”

“Fantasy and anger totally destroy the human body. Tolerance is the greatest human asset.”

“Every happening is a lesson, a message.”

“ The moment you value yourself, the whole world values you. ”

“ If you are happy, happiness will come to you because happiness wants to go where happiness is. ”

“ When you do not consciously relate to your body, your mind does not relate consciously to you. ”

“ Any act in the name of God returns 10 fold. ”

“ Improve with each breath. Every negative vibration returns 10 fold. ”

“ Ingrown anger is like an ingrown hair. The pain it creates in life is unbearable. ”

“ Fools live in fear, a wise man lives in strength. ”

“ In all darkness, there is a light and in all light there is a darkness. ”

“ You are very powerful, providing you know how powerful you are. ”

“ Fake it, you will make it. But you have to believe it. ”

“ Happiness is your birthright. Live it! ”

“ Life is a lie if truth is not found. Truth is just an idea if it is not lived. It is living that matters. ”

“ We must be guided by faith. If we are guided by fear we lock ourselves and our expansion. ”

“ Wisdom, character, and consciousness conquer everything. ”

“ Your greatest strength is love. Your greatest weakness is fear. ”

“ Life is a flow of love, only your participation is requested. ”

“ Bless be the ones who serve others. They are the ones who find heaven on earth. ”

“ What you say should not just be truth now, but should be a proven truth tomorrow. ”

“ Love is the ultimate state of human being where compassion prevails and kindness rules. ”

“ Be the answer not the question. ”

“ Be the alter not the alternative. ”

“ When the heart gets into prayer, every beat of the heart creates a miracle. ”

“ The greatest education man has to learn is the science of self. ”

“ Every individual has the potential to be original. ”

“ When the prayer becomes the vibration of the mind and self, then we can create a miracle. ”

“ Never say things to friends which you don't want to hear from enemies. ”

“ Without realizing who you are, happiness cannot come to you. ”

“ There are three values: Feel good, be good and do good. ”

“ Body is not all. Mind is not all. Spirit is not all. All three make the sense. ”

“ Develop your Intuition so that the changes in the years to come may be convenient for you. ”

“ Working by heart means using your feelings and emotions to lead you to your spiritual sense of existence. ”

“ There is only one thing you should know. Conquer yourself. ”

“ Consult your spirit, your soul on everything. ”

“ By honoring your words you are honored in this world. ”

“ Life is a flow of love. ”

“ Truth is everlasting. ”

“ You are remembered for your goodness. ”

“ Let your heart speak to others' hearts. ”

“ You can never hide from your truth. If you do, you will always be lost. ”

“ Travel light, live light, spread the light, be the light. ”

“ To be calm is the highest achievement of the best of what you have. ”

“ Your truth should be so pure that if lifts a person's soul to the heights. ”

“ Through meditation, you can calm the mind and develop what is important to you. ”

“ If you make your body very strong, really strong, it can fight off anything. ”

“ Sometimes bringing out your inner best is the secret of success. ”

“ The greatest progress in life is when you know your limitations, and then you have the courage to drop them. ”

“ Your words should be so strong that they affect every your intuition so that you can recognize what is real and heart. ”

“ Your job is to control yourself. Your job is to discipline yourself. Your job is to deal with everything in life with affection, love and kindness. ”

“ When you are calm, quiet and sensitive then you can expand. But when you are irritated, phobic, fearful, insensitive, and neurotic, you can't achieve anything. ”

“ The Age of Aquarius is the age of excellence in which personal purity shall absolutely matter. ”

“ The idea is to just stop. Just wait. Don't react. Therein lies the whole universe. Just don't react. ”

“ From when you are young, through middle age, you must grow to the point that you glow, so that your light lets people feel the blessings, the virtues, and the happiness. ”

“ We meditate so that our minds can be sharp and alert. We chant mantras so that your souls may be ignited like candles. We walk in the light of this beauty. ”

“ Know that the most neurotic, most ugly situation is simply testing you. It is testing capacity, beyond his control, your flexibility, your adjustment and your character. ”

“ Danger is when you are split three ways: Your soul goes one way, your mind goes another way and your body goes yet another way. ”

“ Getting up for sadhana in the morning is a totally selfish act - for personal strength, for personal intuition, for personal sharpness, for personal discipline, and overall for absolute personal prosperity. ”

“ Sometimes people do go wrong. There is no judgment needed. Wrong will take a short time or a long time to make the individual aware that something is wrong, and that is the beginning of that person's awakening. ”

“ The fact is that there is nothing more beautiful, more worthy or more conscious than you. ”

“ You have to understand the purpose of life. The purpose of life is to do something which will live forever. ”

“ Every disability is imagined. Every achievement is an experience. ”

“ When you understand who and what you are, your radiance projects into the universal radiance and everything around you becomes creative and full of opportunity. 

